Call a meeting today
Mainly one thing
Let me introduce you to our new colleague
Hello everyone, my name is Lin Yue
First day at work today
Hope to get along well with you all
I will rely on your help in the future
Welcome
Xu Deyu
You connect with your new colleague.
Get him familiar with the environment here
OK
If everyone is okay, the meeting will be adjourned
How did you enter the month?
What the hell are you doing?
I know An Tong can help you with your work
I didn't have a job before, so I couldn't help you.
It's different now
We are in the same company
I want to help you too.
I can do what An Tong can do
And I can do it better than him.
Brother Xiaoyu, don't worry.
I won't trouble you.
Next, I will enter the project team
I will do my best to help you.
My great aunt.
Can you stop making trouble?
You better go home
I'm not going anywhere
Usually Mantong can stay in the pre-forest
I can't work in the company
I want to compete head-on with An Tong
Make him convinced